We've got our script in a pretty good spot, so I'm now going to commit this file by going to the green
button on the top right hand side and commit new file.
Okay.
So we've now got this new workflow put together.
Now, any time that we emerge in April, we should see it that we are going to build a new image and
push it off to Docker Hub.
To test this out right now, we can go back over to that polar request we had already created.
So here's the one I made a little bit ago.
This definitely contains a change to our service.
So as soon as we merge this, we should see that new workflow that we just put together run for the
first time, build the image, and push it to Docker Hub.
So to really test this out, we'll go down to the bottom, merge the pull request.
And then after merging it.
We should be able to go to the very top, go to actions.
We're going to see a new entry in the list of actions right here.
So it looks like it's running by deploy auth workflow.
I'm going to click on that and then click on build on the left hand side.
I'll then see the log of everything it's going through.
So it looks like it's already built up the image and the time that it took me just to click over here.
It looks like it then logged into what?
Docker successfully?
And then finally it looks like it is in the process of pushing the image off to Docker Hub.
At this point, if you see any errors during that step or that step right there, the log in, specifically
the log in, see any errors around that?
Chances are there is a typo inside of your script.
So I would encourage you to go back, double check it.
Also make sure that you set up the Docker username and password secrets inside the repo successfully
as well.
All right.
So it's been a while now, but hopefully this little darker push step will eventually go through.
I'm not going to make you sit here and watch this.
Let's take a pause right here.
Hopefully the next video, I'll be able to come back and confirm that.
Yeah, everything got pushed off.
Oh, sure enough.
There we go.
It got pushed.
So it looks like that's it.
I've built up the image and pushed it off to Docker Hub, so that is awesome.
It is great progress.
We've now got our new image off on Docker Hub.
Now all we have to do is figure out how to somehow tell our Kubernetes cluster to use this new image
we have just built.
We also, of course, have to make sure.
That we reapply or we apply this infrared directory at some point as well.
So really two more steps and we can make sure that the service is up and running inside of our cluster.